{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For my single-activity Android app, I plan to create a BPM (beats per minute) counter. The primary users for this app would be musicians like me \'97\'a0who need to measure the tempo of the song, set their metronome, or set the tempo of music they are creating. The secondary users would be anyone else who has a random need for a tool like this, such as someone trying to measure their heart rate after exercising.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The interface will be simple: a large area to tap the beats, an updating BPM reading, and a button to reset the count. I will also show the BPM in Hz.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
When people tap a beat, their focus is usually on the beat they're trying to measure, whether it's an aural or visual cue. For this reason, I want to make it so my app detects taps on a large portion of the screen, so my users can focus elsewhere. The tap detector will be the size of half the available screen or more. The only other button (reset) will be small, because it is infrequently used (but still very convenient).\
\
This app would not be original in the slightest. There are plenty of BPM-counting apps out there, many with a similar design to what I plan to create. I don't plan to make my app unique in any way.\
\
I'm a little worried this project will be too easy. If I finish it easily, I will add another activity to the app \'96\'a0a simple metronome.}