{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project #1 milestone 4\
Ryan Tabler\
20 March 2018\
\
For project 1, I built an app that allows the user to browse the "Tao Te Ching," switch between translations, bookmark chapters, and share passages. Overall, I'm happy with what I was able to accomplish. I certainly met the minimum viable product requirements. I've made an app that I've already spent some time using.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 There are a number of features I was not able to implement in the time I had. Most importantly, I did not implement themes and font settings. (I did look into it, but couldn't see a way to do it that didn't involve implementing an overly complicated TableView to build the settings menu.) I also did not polish a few things I was hoping to get to (such as the favorites menu, or the UI in general).\
\
Still, I'm not disappointed in myself. I knew that every task would take more time than "expected," since that is the nature of app development. I felt that I spent a good amount of time on this project, and I know that I learned very much. If I had to re-do my work, I would be able to complete it so much faster.\
\
Here are some more specific difficulties: What took the most amount of time was getting my CollectionView on the first tab to work correctly. There were so many little issues I had to iron out, ranging from layouts to fonts to cell identifiers. Getting the ScrollView to work as intended was also difficult.\
\
In the big picture: this is a project that I am definitely considering expanding and perhaps even adding to the app store.}