{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For my Android App project, I will essentially remake the app I made for my iOS project, because I think it is the best, most unique app idea I have. This app will allow the user to read the 
\i Tao Te Ching
\i0  and quickly switch between translations.\
\
You can read my project 1 milestone 1 writeup to know the main details of my app. For project 2, I will make a few changes. First, in my paper prototype, I've already reorganized the UI elements to match what Android users are used to. This includes (regrettably) using a hamburger menu for navigation, instead of tabs. I moved the bookmark, favorite, and share buttons to the top bar (since it's no longer really a navigation bar). I've moved the translation-switcher down to the main area. Second, I will add side-swiping to navigate between chapters. I don't know why I never noticed the lack of this feature in project 1. Third, I will add chapter previews as subtitles in the Favorites ListView. Fourth, I will care less about adding modifiable Settings, since I expect this Android project to be more challenging than its equivalent iOS project.\
\
I have downloaded the 7 top Android apps to read the 
\i Tao Te Ching
\i0 . There is more of a selection than there is in the iOS app store, but the average quality of the apps is lower. Only half allowed you to read different translations, and those that did required a many-step process to do so. All of them had some disgusting UI design. For some reason, every single one displayed the book's text with center-alignment.\
\
}